I don't know shit about anyone else's life

This is not that i don't tend to know people or I don't have an interest in them.
It is not becuase my Friendship is not so deep now or I have lost touch with my real friends.
The friends even today are as big a part of my life as they were 15 years back. When I didn't know what friendship was.
The time I would have made my first friends in maybe pre school or kindergarden .
I don't even know who those people are right now.
I don't even know their names to be completely honest. One of them might be Obama for all i know.
The first friends i remember are from junior, like the vaguest or memories are from 4-5th class.
I don't know how I met them or when did I first talked to them. whether I resonated with them at first or not.
I just know them to be my first scool friends.
Similarly for my friends at home. I know them to be in my life, how I met them or anything else.
I jsut knew them and they were big part of my life back then.
I didn't even knew the names to their parents even then. Not coz I was not interested in their life stories but becuase I was too invested in making a new story with them.
I don't care if you are gupta verma or kashyap. It doesn't even strike my mind. All that ever matters is the person in front of me.
You might be completely faking about your life in front of me and i wouldn't make that out at first.
I don't know if that is a good trait or not, but at this point I don't feel anything wrong with it and so I don't care if it is correct or not.

I am wiriting this because I see a lot of people writing that friends don't know them as good as childhood friends used to.
And I think that it is not a problem with the people around but the problem with our lives.
Our lives becomes more and more complex as we grow up. New variables get added to the equation of our lives.
Our lives becomes so complex that sometimes we ourselves don't understand it. And so is with others lives too.
That is the reason we as teenagers and people in 20-35 can't really bond with our parents but we can bond easily with grandparents for lot of stuff.
Parents are also living their lives and have problems so they just don't usnderstand that the shit that is so small for them is looking so fucking big in our eyes.
That is why we have so strong bond with people of our age as they also reflect our thoughts.
Similar for the really old guys we bond with them coz they don't have that exciting current life. They have done this shit and now they even understand that making other feel like that is nothin won't help it.
They reflect us and thus bond.

The problem starts when we start getting a bit more mature.
we start to understand what part of others story is not relevent and the time will pass for them too.